Constraints: 
* Three teenage children (and a husband who usually travels Monday morning to Thursday night). I am in charge of our home live, social live, holidays, … etc  
* We recently moved house - I still need to finish chasing tradespeople on the snag list, decorate (eg. curtains, pictures, … ), … etc
* I am the COO of an AIF 

High Level Goals in order of priority outside from the constraints: 
1. GOLF - Lower my handicap from 10 to at least 9 end of November 2026. But long term goal is to get to 5 or lower by the time I am 50 (which I will be on 25 January 2032). 
2. RUN / VO2 MAX - Beat my 5k PB of 24:30 & Increase my VO2 Max (Running) from 45 to 48 by the end of November 2026 - though I have recently been injured and my VO2 Max dropped to 42 so might have to revise this. I have been back to normal training on April 13th 2026. 
3. STRENGTH - I want to build muscle mass. 


Current plan on how to achieve goals: 
(ad 1) I try to take a weekly lesson with a Pro. Practice weekly and play. In order to monitor what I practise and how much I play I have built the tracker. The risk is that I either don't do the practise the things I am bad at (because it is difficult), or that I don't practise the things I am good at at all (which is also very risky. Just because this week there are no 3 putts, that doesn't mean it stays that way if you don't keep practise putting a bit.) In a nutshell I would like to aim for at least 18 holes per week, at least 1 drill per week in each category (driving, scoring, SGA, chipping, putting), and at least 1 pressure game in each category. I am member of a golf course with a driving range, SGA area, chipping and putting green, and I have a Foresight simulator golf room at home. The key dates to have in mind are May 14th -17th (Niederösterreichische Meisterschaften) and May 22nd-25th (Österreichische Staatsmeisterschaften). My injury in February has of course had an effect on my tournament readiness - so I now need to focus very much on playing holes… and also practising. After the two tournaments, I can focus on playing competitive rounds to get my handicap back down. I am also trying to do regular stretching to retain or improve mobility and prevent injury. My golf pro wants me to practise putting for 5 minutes every day at home - simple on the mat, just checking that the eyes are aligned on the mid line with the ball. It's an easy ask - surprisingly hard to keep to it though!
(ad 2) I aim to do 3 running sessions with a total mileage of around 20-25km per week. One Zone 2 run (usually I run back from a weight session - 7,5km easy running), one long run, and one tempo or interval run. The running sessions and the program to make me faster is currently managed on Runna. To increase VO2 Max I briefly started doing sessions on a Watt Bike - however, as the running and cycling VO2 Max do not seem to be directly related, I am planning on moving back to running based session. I am also trying to do at least one mobility session per week to prevent injury. 
(ad 3) I aim to train with a Personal Trainer (Martin) twice per week for an hour. In our new flat we also have a full gym that I could use. Martin is also quite keen that I stick to my protein target. That's why it is in the daily habit tracker. My protein target is at least 90g of protein per day - but ideally more. 

Overall I know I sleep better if I drink enough water during the day and do not drink alcohol. Hence my aim to only drink alcohol three times per week. However, during holidays … and even weeks when my husband is not travelling … we end up drinking on more nights. To a certain extent this is a soft target, as I do still believe in the social aspect of drinking a glass of wine - key is to then keep it to the one glass! 


Overall a good week would involve: 3 running sessions, 2 weight sessions, 27 holes of golf, 2 driving range or sim sessions, 1 SGA session, 1 chipping/putting session, practising mirror putting 5 times, stretching/foam rolling 5 times, 1 mobility session, 3x alcohol per week and a perfect 7/7 hits on the protein target. 

TONE PREFERENCE: I would like you to be direct and push me (I am making sufficient excuses for myself ;-) I will be pretty depressed if I miss all these targets because I didn't actually try properly. If I try and don't get there that is one thing - but not if I miss the handicap target because I three putted 4 times and didn't practise putting in the run up! However, I do have genuine constraints that should be acknowledged. 


FIRST DAY OF APP TRACKING: 19th April 2026. Please do not interpret missing or blank prior weeks as missed targets. 
Some manual information for the week leading up to 18th April: 
Monday - driving range session with scoring club and driving drills and games, protein target hit
Tuesday - weight session, zone 2 run, protein target hit, hydration target hit, alcohol
Wednesday - long run, foam rolling, protein target hit, hydration target hit, alcohol
Thursday - golf driving range session (scoring clubs), putting drill, SGA drill, 3 holes played, protein target hit, alcohol
Friday - weight session, protein target hit, hydration target hit, mobility session, mirror putting (in app)
Saturday - 18 holes played, hydration target hit, alcohol
